hey guys welcome back to knifehog.com
addison here and today i'll be reviewing
the buck woodsman 102 bks fixed blade
knife is this really the high quality
hunting knife buck makes it out to be
let's find out although buck is
typically known for manufacturing large
hunting knives the woodsman 102 bks
definitely breaks the mold of this
common conception with an overall length
of 7 and 3/4 inches and a blade
measuring 4 inches and weighing in at
only 2.5 ounces this is definitely one
of bucks more compact hunting knives the
blade of this knife is constructed of
420hc stainless steel which is fairly
standard among many buck knives due to
the fact that it combines the wear
resistance of a high carbon alloy with
the corrosion resistance of chromium
stainless steel this means that you
could skin or gut game without worrying
about the blade easily losing its edge
or accumulating rust the handle of this
knife is made of a black resin referred
to as thin lifts this unique material is
practically indestructible and is nearly
impervious to heat cold and shock this
means that you can
knife in the blazing summer heat or in
the dead of winter and still be able to
keep a firm grip on the handle this type
of handle material is ideal for a fixed
blade knife because it can withstand a
large amount of vigorous use the butt of
the handle has been fitted with an
aluminum pommel for like hammering tasks
and a black leather sheath also comes
included with this knife
overall the buff woodsman is an
effective lightweight hunting knife the
blade is razor sharp and is able to hold
an edge quite well and the handle of
this knife is extremely durable although
it is a decent hunting knife it does
have a few downsides one being that the
blade material a fairly decent for a
small fixed blade knife is not of the
best quality when compared to other
steel types the 420hc stainless steel on
this knife is perfect to feel just the
skinning small-game and possibly
clearing food but if you plan on using
it for more heavy-duty tasks this blade
will not quite fit the bill in addition
to this the handle of this knife
although tough is very smooth and does
not provide you with any kind of solid
also the overall size of this knife is a
little too small to function as a
full-fledged hunting knife we here at
knifehog give this knife 2 out of 5
stars
comment in the section below and tell us
what you think about this knife for this
and many others buy now at knifehog.com
for everything that's all